## Processed data of Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Dataset

A processed data set from the original data set: [https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip](https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip)

This data set is a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject of the original data set. 

- 'README.md'

- 'CodeBook.md':  Shows information about the variables used on the feature vector.

- 'run_analysis.R': The R script to generate the tidy data('TidyData.txt') from the original data set. The specific functions for R commands are detailed described in this file as comments.

- 'TidyData.txt': The tidy data generated by the R script 'run_analysis.R'.

### Notes: 
- Features are normalized and bounded within [-1,1].
- Each feature vector is a row on the text file.

For more information about the original dataset contact: activityrecognition@smartlab.ws

### License of the Original Data Set:
Use of this dataset in publications must be acknowledged by referencing the following publication [1] 

[1] Davide Anguita, Alessandro Ghio, Luca Oneto, Xavier Parra and Jorge L. Reyes-Ortiz. Human Activity Recognition on Smartphones using a Multiclass Hardware-Friendly Support Vector Machine. International Workshop of Ambient Assisted Living (IWAAL 2012). Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain. Dec 2012

This dataset is distributed AS-IS and no responsibility implied or explicit can be addressed to the authors or their institutions for its use or misuse. Any commercial use is prohibited.

Jorge L. Reyes-Ortiz, Alessandro Ghio, Luca Oneto, Davide Anguita. November 2012.



